# 论文结构
- Title
- Abstract
- Introduction
    - motivation, contribution
- Related work
- Conclusion
- Acknowledgements
- References


## Title 

### 论文标题中常见的虚词
and, for, from, of, on, or, the, to


## Related work
> Many features have been proposed for scene recognition, here we just briefly mention some recent influential and related works due to the space limits.

## Acknowledgements
> We thank the SIGGRAPH reviewers for their constructive comments. We gratefully acknowledge NVIDIA for the generous donation of a Tesla K40 GPU. Thanks to Eric Chan for his invaluable expertise and precious feedback. Thanks to Sebastian Nowozin, Felix Heide and Jan Kautz for help with the comparison. Thanks to Tiam Jaorensri for help with the hardware. This work was partially funded by a gift from Adobe.

> The authors would like to thank D. Pham, S. Gupta, and Prof. J. Spruck for their discussions concerning this work, and the reviewers for providing several key suggestions for improving the paper.

> We would like to thank Johannes Steffens for his discussions and great insights on face recognition.

> The authors would like to thank Shaoqing Ren for his help in the experiments.

> This work has been partially supported by the National Natural Science Foundation of China under contract Nos. 60772071, 60833013, U0835005, and 60702041, the National Basic Research Program of China (973 Program) under contract No. 2009CB320902, and the Academy of Finland.

> This work is supported by the National Natural Science Foundation of China (No. 61433007 and 61876210).

## 常用句型短语

### 本文中
    in this work
    in this paper
    in this study


### 限于篇幅所限
    due to the limited space
    owing to space reasons


### 大幅度
    by a clear margin
    by a significant margin
    by a large margin
    by a clear margin

### 值得一提
    It is worth mentioning that

### 据我所知
    To our knowledge

### 我们认为
    We argue that

### 文章目的
    The goal of this paper is to serve as a guide for

### 除了
    with the exception of MobileNet

### 类间类内
    maximize inter-class variance and minimize intra-class variance.
    enhance the intra-class compactness and inter-class discrepancy.

### trade-off
    trade-off between accuracy and computational cost
    Besides accuracy, computation complexity is another important consideration.

### effective and efficient
    an effective and efficient algorithm

### quantitative and qualitative
    quantitative and qualitative evaluations

### 我们的代码已开源
    Our code is made publicly available.

### 直到论文提交时
    As of the time of this submission

### 本文贡献
    The main contributions of this work can be summarized as

### Notation
    the notation that will be used in the rest of the paper.
    We explain the notations when they are firstly used. They are also summarized in Table 1 for clarity and reference.
    We will often suppress the index for notational clarity
    The index is dropped for notational brevity.
    For simplicity of notation

### 数学
    range from 0 to n exclusive
    range from 0 to n inclusive
    All values are between 0 and 1 inclusive
    where N(0; 1) denotes the standard normal distribution with zero mean and unit variance
    In the algorithm, epsilon is a constant added to the mini-batch variance for numerical stability.
    <> is formulated as Eq. 1


### 性能提升
    With the proposed techniques, our <end-to-end detection framework> achieves competitive performance against many state-of-the-art <detectors>


### Ablation study
    The hyper-parameter <α ∈ [0, 1] adjusts the ratio between classification and regression>, where α = 0.8 is adopted by default and more ablation studies are elaborated in Sec. 4.2.2.
    
    

